Ran 'xx feed' on March 27th, 2:28pm. my responses are in '>'

1. Autism Capital 🧩 @AutismCapital · 1m
  Best Zelda
  2 likes
  id:2037612219228426491
> with current UX, this isn't helpful at all to knowing what this is (but agent will likely read whole tweet when scanning, right?)

2. eric provencher @pvncher · 2m
  @RepoPrompt Full changelog here
https://t.co/LH6yusLVzB
  id:2037611963983757761
> repo prompt was cool, and i tried it, but didnt think it really helped my agentic coding, so not useful.

3. Autism Capital 🧩 @AutismCapital · 3m
  It’s time to settle the ultimate debate: what is the greatest Zelda game of all time? Is it a 
fully remade Ocarina of Time or is that going to be uncslop to the Zoomies? Is it Breath of the 
Wild? Have all the uncs actually played it? It’s very very good. What’s the verdict? 
https://t.co/mDGjU6cOES
  16 likes  1 RTs  9 replies
  id:2037611771889086747
> dont need this, not useful

4. delian @zebulgar · 5m
  RT @HillValleyForum: NASA Administrator @rookisaacman on why the moon race against China is one 
America can't afford to lose:

"For 36 year…
  2 RTs
  id:2037611306950230086
  > hmm, space/moon race is interesting, but not sure what this says fully

5. Patrick Collison @patrickc · 6m
  We’re going to keep expanding the catalog! More than 100 services in the works; reach out to the 
team if you’d like to be included. https://t.co/0MFJnsCww0
  24 likes  1 RTs  3 replies
  id:2037610983129268674
> this is in reference to stripe projects, which i signed up for, and think has huge potential because it reduces friction to starting a project, or adding agent-native services to your current project, and is another interesting take on how agent-native building and agent-engineering will work.

6. Thomas Ricouard @Dimillian · 8m
  Codex use cases are live, and there is a great page on how to use Codex to build iOS and macOS 
native apps! 

https://t.co/ewKj4RahJ1 https://t.co/UgkFXjXLzO
  23 likes  3 RTs
  id:2037610514252001683
> i use codex in my project, they just launched plugins which is a useful developer tool, but for this specifically, im not building any ios or macos apps right now.



7. Sam Altman @sama · 10m
  The first steel beams went up this week at our Michigan Stargate site with Oracle and Related 
Digital https://t.co/Hl0NBqwfnS
  402 likes  33 RTs  131 replies
  id:2037610000122839116
> cool. but not immediately helpful.

8. Thomas Ricouard @Dimillian · 10m
  RT @romainhuet: We just launched Codex use cases!

It’s a gallery of practical examples across coding and non-coding tasks, with real ways…
  4 RTs
  id:2037609982015807757
> this could be good to spike my imagination and curiousity on what's possible. can't read rest of it though.

9. Theo - t3.gg @theo · 13m
  I think people are overreacting to this.

It sucks, but they clearly have a real compute shortage and this was the best path they had without 
cutting your usage massively https://t.co/gRmfYPOyYZ
  71 likes  16 replies
  id:2037609191599411200

> think this is just reaction to the actual news which was that claude is changing how rate limits work. sometimes reactions are helpful, but this is just like an ethos reaction, not like an expansion or challenge of news which is helpful for getting multiple perspectives.

10. null @nullpointered · 14m
  RT @uncledoomer: in america we lust after japan's tiny kei trucks. in japan, they long for our 
giant dodge rams. we have so much to learn f…
  62 RTs
  id:2037608941052678596

> this is the type of stuff i find interesting when doom scrolling. expanding world knowledge in this tech/business space is useful, but can't say how useful this tweet would be.

11. Matt Shumer @mattshumer_ · 16m
  This is absolutely crazy.

Anthropic trained a model that is "dramatically" smarter than Claude Opus 4.6.

Think about how good Opus already is. Can you even imagine what a far better model might be able to 
accomplish?

The world is changing, and it's changing fast.

Buckle up. https://t.co/2LCIjs53GM
  33 likes  5 RTs  7 replies
  id:2037608433961033882

> duh. kinda just like a hype thing. doesn't add any value, just hype on top of news which im sick of. 

12. leo @leojrr · 17m
  babe wake up.

this guy built an app in his sleep, literally https://t.co/Y0PEF4BF8T https://t.co/yFQAKLxPqc
  2 likes  1 RTs
  id:2037608395759374757

> seems like clickbait, but how he actually did this could be helpful to expand my understanding of how to use current tools to build. after looking at it, its an update to the product 'Anything', which i dont use cuz its a vibe coding platform, and having agents handle multi-step tasks isnt new.

13. @levelsio @levelsio · 17m
  Uruguay is the best meat https://t.co/fcySrd1vM2
  19 likes  1 RTs  2 replies
  id:2037608289156882519

> me personally i am also interested in health and fitness topics, but what can i do with this information? nothing.

19. World of Statistics @stats_feed · 24m
  The countries with the highest rates of smartphone addiction:

1. 🇨🇳 China
2.🇸🇦 Saudi Arabia
3.🇲🇾 Malaysia
4.🇧🇷 Brazil
5.🇰🇷 South Korea
6.🇮🇷 Iran
7. 🇨🇦 Canada
8.🇹🇷 Turkey
9.🇪🇬 Egypt
10.🇳🇵 Nepal
11.🇮🇹 Italy
12.🇦🇺 Australia
13.🇮🇱 Israel
14.🇷🇸 Serbia
15.🇯🇵 Japan
16.🇬🇧 United Kingdom
  113 likes  13 RTs  28 replies
  id:2037606570356347028

  > eh, i mean it doesn't link to a real study, like i would have a bunch of follow-up questions like how do they measure 'addiction' and other things but dont think il get that. obviously im exploring ways to protect my focus, and like on a far tangent if i ever create a focus app this could be useful market demographic info.... but thats a stretch, especially given what im currently doing. this brings up a good point that the algo on top of the algo (this product) should not lead us down the most narrow black hole ever, or else that isn't good for new ideas and creativity since creativity is association and connection